hi everyone welcome back to the
DEVISTY channel
now i will make a simple telegram bot using google apps script
first open telegram web or telegram
mobile in the search box type bot father
click bot father click the star button
and click new bot enter the
name of the bot to be created
now enter bot username must end with bot
bot account was created successfully
this is the token we will use later
now open google apps script
create new project
change project name
then use the script
you can download the script in the
description section of this video
replace the value with the telegram
token that we created earlier
to get the app url you have to deploy first
click deploy button and select new deployment
click gear icon then select web
app enter a description as you wish
in the execute a section select me in
the who is access section select anyone
click the deploy button wait
until the process is complete
give access
okay this is the app url to use
click the copy button
then paste here
now we have to run the set webhook function
click the run button
webhook serves to send a callback
notification if the bot receives a new message
now deploy with new version click the
deploy button select manage deployments
click the pencil icon in the version section
select new version then click the deploy button
keep in mind every time you make changes you must
deploy with a new version now let's test the bot
ok bot running well
this is a list of commands
you can add them as needed
okay thanks for watching don't forget
to like comment and subscribe thank you